Hey,
Brian Riley: Hello.
Brian Riley: Hello. Hi. Look at your hair.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
It's definitely
Brian Riley: A strict industry student or something.
Helena Rouhe: Straight. Yeah, no, I just got it down yesterday. So it's actually team.
Brian Riley: looks lovely. Thank you.
Brian Riley: Have a long time.
Brian Riley: Yeah, I know.
Brian Riley: This is a good
Helena Rouhe: Thing that that
Brian Riley: Life is going well so
Helena Rouhe: That's exciting.
Brian Riley: Yeah, it is. It
Brian Riley: Really is and
Brian Riley: There was, I think this was maybe too long.
Brian Riley: Either a few weeks ago.
Brian Riley: About two weeks ago, I started to do. I just, I, I'm kind of glad I caught myself.
Brian Riley: I've since committed to a 1990 and have
Brian Riley: Geez. I didn't know
Brian Riley: That was
Brian Riley: On the 29th.
Brian Riley: So, yeah.
Brian Riley: Yeah, yeah. So that's what about
Brian Riley: Tonight.
Brian Riley: Me.
Brian Riley: And I've been good good is like, I'm really, you know, being very strict with myself about it.
Brian Riley: There was one I missed. And then I did to the next day, kind of thing and
Brian Riley: I've stepped up the call and the sponsor every morning is one of my morning, you know, things are calling before noon.
Brian Riley: And I really had to find meetings that are like, you know, so I switched up
Brian Riley: The meetings and sought out. I was just starting to, you know, that'll that'll stop.
Brian Riley: Getting resentments and
Brian Riley: And it was just not. It wasn't Groovy anymore. You know, I was really struck me as or behavior and childish bullshit.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: I, you know,
Brian Riley: I was, you know, down to like going to to to or then
Brian Riley: You know, one a week. And if I missed that one. And I was, I was replacing meetings with with these therapies and saying, well, this counts and
Brian Riley: And I can do that. So I've
Brian Riley: Kind of stepped everything up and and i think
Brian Riley: It's definitely had a you know a positive
Brian Riley: Impact
Brian Riley: And also because we got this new client right around the same time I'm
Brian Riley: Very high maintenance three dogs very well off people she's a
Brian Riley: She's the head of staff for
Brian Riley: The must have like a fucking army of personal assistants, because he's the head, one of the people who own Hyatt.
Brian Riley: Hotels
Brian Riley: And she like the head. She's of their assistant staff so she works in the city. He's a cop.
Brian Riley: They have like you know the fucking Porsche and a big silver Batman, you know, SUV and three dogs that are not referring to in any way as dogs.
Helena Rouhe: There, people are
Brian Riley: Not did they go so
Helena Rouhe: Far as to call them people or do they just say their
Helena Rouhe: By their name kinda
Brian Riley: They are often referred to as
Brian Riley: Evening.
Brian Riley: Never, never, dogs, though.
Brian Riley: And it's, you know, who poops where when
Brian Riley: You know, the, the food is like this three part
Brian Riley: Thing with this powder and the fucking, you know, based on what the stool is if there's if rice powder goes in it and
Brian Riley: They were we had agreed to disclose this big thing with us or an eye.
Brian Riley: Because she thought that we would become sort of their, you know, sort of slaves to them.
Brian Riley: It was started, we agreed initially to three visits a day, which is a
Brian Riley: Thorough about eight minutes away. And then before beginning they started to shift a thing where now it was for visits fucking and be there all the time, you know, and then
Brian Riley: We negotiated it, they were they were going to pay money was an issue.
Brian Riley: So now we're at three visits a day morning, afternoon, and night and Esther and I split it.
Brian Riley: But it's changed.
Brian Riley: My income my weekly beyond boarding with just walks, it's doubled it you know like overnight.
Brian Riley: And but schedule wise it's packed.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: I was I was getting very resentful. And there was a stretch of like rain cold awfulness, you know, and I was just giving the shitty place.
Brian Riley: And I had never hit that place before with this job, you know,
Brian Riley: And it felt like a job if you know i was i was getting pissed off and
Brian Riley: So I just had to make some changes like that and
Brian Riley: It was good because I guess I saw the red flags, you know,
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: Everything is like really good and I was able to
Brian Riley: Everything is very tightly scheduled
Brian Riley: In the morning. This is kind of a new thing over the past two weeks. The first thing I do like my first time slot is my ship. So, all right.
Brian Riley: Yes.
Brian Riley: And then during the walks out I'll work on the poems
Brian Riley: And then when my work day is done, I'm done. I got I'm not writing or drawing or or anything.
Brian Riley: And I, this is all correlated to tomorrow I turned 50 I think I'm realizing that it's
Brian Riley: all connected.
Brian Riley: You know,
Helena Rouhe: So in the past. You've made a big deal about your birthday. Do you feel like you're kind of
Helena Rouhe: Reflection. And all of that is pulling all this together. Is that how this is
Brian Riley: Connected or what it
Helena Rouhe: When you say is connected. What do you mean
Brian Riley: Yeah, I think, I think. So Paul, I think. Yeah. Like, um,
Brian Riley: I I have felt for some time for some years. And especially, probably the past year, in particular.
Brian Riley: That 50
Brian Riley: Because, I mean, I think the most telling is that, you know, my goal is to have a publishing deal by my 55th birthday. So I've always felt
Brian Riley: Not always, but like I said past couple years. That was a landmark sort of
Brian Riley: You know, with everything that's fallen into place, you know, between you guys and
Brian Riley: My program and sobriety and
Brian Riley: The career and the House and the
Brian Riley: Mate, and just everything having fallen in a place, it seems like now.
Brian Riley: I'm really looking to have it all kind of come together in the way that it was intended to be which is a fucking happy life not enough. You know, you know, I'm, you know, not happy. But like
Brian Riley: Let's, let's do it all together. Now, you know, and so this is where we got this is and this is it and and
Brian Riley: I've been very grateful.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: It's
Brian Riley: In looking at it all. I saw that all I needed to do was let it all happen as I've been setting it all up. Now let's just
Brian Riley: Let it go into motion.
Brian Riley: And it feels like it has without much
Brian Riley: Struggle or effort if I just, if I just let it be and let it go as and I've been meditating.
Brian Riley: For fucking four minutes and four seconds increase by day, almost every day.
Brian Riley: And usually, at the end of the dogs, I'm able to sit and whatever meditating is going to be. It's going to be whatever it is and just looking for you. Like you taught me.
Brian Riley: For four minutes with my eyes closed and
Brian Riley: Visualize
Brian Riley: And that for now is meditating and it's works.
Brian Riley: And shifts for it's going to turn
Helena Rouhe: That fantastic what
Helena Rouhe: Just kind of going back to when you were sharing about that you would have sessions and count that as meetings and then realized that that wasn't really working for you. What do you think were the indicators to kind of help you have a different
Helena Rouhe: Thought process about your behavior so that you could shift gears and do things to you know
Helena Rouhe: engage in activities that allows you to support and recovery differently.
Brian Riley: When wait said so.
Helena Rouhe: So it's not as if you were doing anything wrong by having therapy sessions. Angela group session and then counting that as a meeting, but
Helena Rouhe: There was something going on for you. Were you had an awareness than that, hey, I'm kind of saying one thing and this isn't really working for me.
Helena Rouhe: I'm you know I'm you didn't say this, but something along the lines of, I'm going to call bullshit.
Helena Rouhe: And I need to be doing more meetings or I need to be doing. So I'm just kind of curious what what kind of awareness. Did you have there, because again, nothing wrong with doing therapy. But I agree with you that it's not
Helena Rouhe: A one to one. So just to kind of understand your thought process process and do a little learning from Monday night quarterbacking Oh, can you hear me.
Brian Riley: Yep. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So I'm just doing a little Monday night quarterbacking with you just to get a sense of, kind of, because I think that that was the right choice. And so I'm just curious because there was a
Brian Riley: Time period where you were.
Helena Rouhe: Like, oh no, it's fine. My can do this and I didn't want to be argumentative because I think that it will again. You weren't doing anything wrong, but maybe splitting hairs thing, you know.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: I think that these, you know, when I was looking at it was like, okay, there's a couples counseling. Then there's group therapy and then there's one on one with you and then
Brian Riley: It was
Brian Riley: That, you know, though they were healthy, healthy
Brian Riley: It just seemed yet again.
Brian Riley: I was making. I was rationalizing and making exceptions for what I know to be true is that when I stopped fucking going to meetings and when I stopped talking to my sponsor and when I
Brian Riley: Because talking to you guys is not talking to my sponsor and if it's not a commitment. It's those three things. And I'm like, how many will have to learn this, you know, before and it's like, I can't. I can't.
Brian Riley: I so it just, it was like, you know, if you're and that's why it was like, because that 90 and 90 thing exists that seemed to be
Brian Riley: Clean the answer to it right
Brian Riley: It wasn't like
Brian Riley: Because I, you know, I used to do that with fucking drinking. So it's like it's all just drink on weekends and then Friday is a weekend and then Thursday because Friday and all that bullshit is like I could do that with anything and
Brian Riley: And then I wasn't even been doing therapy that much. And so I didn't even have that as an excuse. And so, and then looking back, as I was that fucking one meetings week
Brian Riley: How why because of because of the dogs ran late and because of this man because he's not a meeting at this time and all this bullshit. It's like just stopped. You know, it's like
Brian Riley: So,
Helena Rouhe: And now when you start
Brian Riley: rationalizing yeah
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: When you start rationalizing and making exceptions. So those are kind of your warning signs, if you will, because I think
Helena Rouhe: It's important for us to understand right and that's how we understand we learn by doing. And we go through and so now you're starting to identify that when you start to rationalize and or
Helena Rouhe: Start kind of making exceptions to your, to your understanding of how you want to live your life through. Then you're going to get yourself in trouble. At some point,
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. And the sooner you have awareness, the sooner you can do something about it. And I think the more you develop the repertoire of what are you going to do, so it's not always going to be 90 meetings in 90 days it's
Helena Rouhe: Going to be did I meditate today. Did I
Helena Rouhe: You know,
Helena Rouhe: Balance. How is my schedule balance. What kind of things that I not balanced or what kind of things did I kind of cut corners on
Helena Rouhe: So that now at this point for the last two days three days a week, or even just the last five hours. I'm feeling shortchanged and and hurried and scattered and whatever. So
Helena Rouhe: I mean, life is an ongoing pursuit of balance. So it's not like you're going to get this figured out, and then live life. You're going to do this for the rest of your life.
Brian Riley: But now you've developed a
Helena Rouhe: Better understanding of what it means to do this and have a more balanced life. And I think those are really great great indicators of things to watch for because, to your point about this.
Helena Rouhe: The dog thing and how you're spending time with it. You have mentioned in the past. Not that it became a job, but that you became kind of worried
Helena Rouhe: Testers maybe even is the word you use, but certainly kind of fixated on the money that you were making a making it a productive money maker for you because it was successful. It is something that is
Helena Rouhe: Kind of your own. And so there was some time when you were really kind of focusing on that and then distracted by other things prioritizing that over other stuff so
Helena Rouhe: This is now sounding like another version of that. And so maybe I'm being aware of. Are you making any exceptions to the rule.
Helena Rouhe: And are you rationalizing and maybe those are the things that then tell you. Yeah, it's really good money, but at the same time, at what cost, you know,
Helena Rouhe: So you can look at and we're just going to use that as an example. It sounds like you've already kind of come to
Helena Rouhe: Terms about it but you know just even any new client or anything where things were an element of anger, frustration starts to come into life looking at right away. Did I make any exceptions to the rule.
Helena Rouhe: Did I
Helena Rouhe: Start to kind of rationalize something so that you can be start back into a good place to start. And it's like, Okay, what I did was instead of meditating for five minutes I meditated for three or Wow, that really has an effect on x, y AMP z.
Helena Rouhe: So there are going to be some things where you can be like, yeah, today I did that, not the end of the world. But I don't want to develop that pattern, whereas there may be other things that wow I can't afford to not do.
Helena Rouhe: And here's the minimum I
Helena Rouhe: Need to do in order for me to have a balance day. Otherwise, if I don't do these things. It's really going to be a problem. And sometimes, life is
Helena Rouhe: Completely chaos and you don't have a choice but to just roll with that, but then you have to get right back on to let's let's let's not stay in chaos, you know, I'm out of the crisis. So now I gotta get back on track. Stay on my schedule, you know,
Brian Riley: And and what it all, and this has been for the past
Brian Riley: Year, really, that every day. And then it was like every fucking day like all but it was discipline. It was the discipline thing is every day because I write down this prayer thing or whatever, you know,
Brian Riley: And every day. It was it came down to discipline and focus
Brian Riley: Because I'm very undisciplined
Brian Riley: You know, and it really started to to strike me like what felt walk by guide.
Brian Riley: The Joker movie.
Brian Riley: Hmm, I can't remember the last time I went three times. That is a brilliant
Helena Rouhe: Oh, you thought three times.
Brian Riley: Okay, paid for three times. Okay. I've never
Brian Riley: But I really love that movie. But I really had to look at exactly, you know, it was beyond performance and directing what exactly was it that I was connecting with and it was a chaos.
Brian Riley: Was
Brian Riley: Really, you know, like, like
Brian Riley: That like that you hear these drugs. Hey. Okay, guys, guys, guys. Hey,
Helena Rouhe: Don't, don't worry about it on my end like I i live in dog K
Helena Rouhe: Right now.
Brian Riley: Well, okay. All right.
Brian Riley: Hey,
Brian Riley: Hey rocky outside
Brian Riley: Outside. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Brian Riley: Like everything that you're saying in terms of the three minutes to two minutes and 43 and it's
Brian Riley: You know, I had to acknowledge, I think, also, because the
Brian Riley: Fucking turning 50
Brian Riley: You know, I've really
Brian Riley: Always talking talked about this before and I think I've been working on this.
Brian Riley: I just had to learn all that, you know, like all the
Brian Riley: Rebel
Brian Riley: Bullshit. You know, so, and they're not that I'm
Brian Riley: Conforming but
Brian Riley: There was a string of. It's been a while since we've talked about string of between mistaken identity.
Brian Riley: And speeding tickets
Brian Riley: Security guards.
Brian Riley: And it was it came down to the way I looked
Brian Riley: A lot of times
Brian Riley: Cops, I would turn around at 711 I turn around. There's fucking to cop standing near ready to arrest me and it was a mistake and I didn't think they thought it looked like this fucking guy Richard or something.
Brian Riley: And we were wearing the same thing, he said.
Brian Riley: So whoever this Richard person was
Brian Riley: I got the impression that he was maybe a homeless dude.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: And an ester said, you know, a lot of times there's not much difference between you and like the guy on the corner.
Brian Riley: And that's not saying that, you know, a fuck. I'm a bomb. But, you know, enough with the tattered pants around the cuffs. And so I went out and
Brian Riley: Nutrients and stuff like that. Like, because I'm I live kind of weird if I'm going to go around the around with the metal pieces of shit like that on the ground.
Brian Riley: You know, good thing I'm walking a dog, but sometimes not, if I'm walking his fucking people and I'm looking on the ground for metal pieces and I'm building this like, you know, Link. This fucking trinket staff. I'm a crazy person. You know, so it's like
Brian Riley: If I had to dress better really
Brian Riley: So that I'm more just centric rather than, you know, a fucking
Brian Riley: Mental person, you know, like, stuff like that.
Brian Riley: If I'm going to do certain things with my life.
Brian Riley: There's no reason why
Brian Riley: I shouldn't be.
Brian Riley: Respected and considered
Brian Riley: A part of the same society as all of these other people you know I
Brian Riley: Why do I have to look
Brian Riley: Like
Brian Riley: A panhandler didn't make sense.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, I'm just kind of blown away a little bit that you are getting to a point where you're able to reconcile this and not be rebellious and pissed off that this is something you need to do.
Helena Rouhe: That you're not staying in the
Helena Rouhe: Right.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: I, I can appreciate the artist side of you wanting to just be the artist and let that be whatever it is, but unfortunately human nature is going to judge first and ask questions later. And I also think that it's not just how you dress but it's how we act and it's the energy you
Helena Rouhe: Put out
Helena Rouhe: Right. So, to your point, you can be eccentric and have the other things kind of pulled in are managed in a way where someone doesn't have to just then take one plus one plus one and make it three but can just go, Oh, interesting. And then leave it.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and and that can be annoying because you're needing to make those choices, but they are choices so
Brian Riley: That's the one thing to
Helena Rouhe: Focus on that you get to make that choice. Thankfully, so that you don't
Helena Rouhe: Have to just do one plus one plus one, because it has to be three, you can make a choice that you can be eccentric and you can enjoy that. And you can also present in a way that that doesn't mean that you're a homeless person or a troublemaker.
Brian Riley: That needs to be picked up every
Helena Rouhe: Time someone sneezes in your direction.
Helena Rouhe: Right now, and then he has to work through that whole process and and i think that no one can tell you that I mean
Helena Rouhe: People can give you that feedback. But until you have the opportunity to have that experience and work through that process and realize that this is what's going to happen.
Helena Rouhe: Then you have a choice to make.
Helena Rouhe: Do you want to keep allowing that to happen or
Helena Rouhe: Hey,
Brian Riley: Here's my deal with my gut instincts. Six months ago.
Brian Riley: And I think I started doing it was going in the other direction. I'll fucking show you. Yeah, I'll get this tattoo.
Brian Riley: And then I'm going to get this pierced.
Brian Riley: Event bullshit. You know, and I'm not fucking than that point. Is it, you know, it's like, That's, yeah.
Little
Brian Riley: My whole life. But that's how I felt. And I said, it's so self destruct, you know,
Brian Riley: She's gonna leave losing
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, but who are you really rebelling against right you're
Helena Rouhe: rebelling against your folks and you're
Brian Riley: Working
Helena Rouhe: Through that you know you're working against the system. But again, it doesn't matter if I give you all that insight or anybody else gives you that insight you have to be the one to
Brian Riley: Kind of go through the
Helena Rouhe: process a little bit and then see it and then go what WTF, and then kind of without being judgmental and beat yourself up and
Helena Rouhe: Go to the cat of nine tails and now you're a terrible human thankfully didn't go there. That's good. And now it's like okay, I mean, how do I want to live my life. How do I want to be viewed all those things are, are, you know, a part of it.
Brian Riley: And and as it's something came to mind, which is something that I believe, and I've been living kind of grown with in a, you know, oftentimes it will come down to do I want to be right or do I want to be happy.
Brian Riley: You know with kind of with arguments and conversations and other people and all this stuff is like
Brian Riley: You know, I just want to be happy. You know, I don't care. I'll be right in. The argument.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: And is like, why the fuck
Brian Riley: Am I being considered or looked at or treated as a fucking shoplifter in Barnes and Noble
Brian Riley: Me and I had a look at that. Like, why, why, what the fuck right and I had to look at what I was wearing, you know, and as I don't even know. Yeah, of course, you know, with me.
Brian Riley: So yeah, so
Helena Rouhe: Okay, this is where I go back to that threshold in my book about respect and Burger King. You know, so I'm out with my old family friend and she puts on the scarf and wants to make herself presentable. And I'm like, we're going to Burger King for lunch. It's not for anybody else for you.
Helena Rouhe: Because she respects the fact that we were having lunch together. She wanted to be. She wanted to be presentable.
Helena Rouhe: And I had no word for that because that was completely dumbfounded, and it will resonate with me for the rest of my life. So it's not about being respectful to anybody else. It's about respecting yourself and respecting
Helena Rouhe: Your situation.
Helena Rouhe: You want to be in Barnes and Noble and enjoy it. And so you're going to present yourself in a way that you don't need to worry about somebody thinking at your shoplifter you also don't need to look like you just rolled in from
Helena Rouhe: You know, whatever.
Helena Rouhe: Like there's a way to do that that maintain your ability to be you, but also allows you to negotiate the world in a way that works for the world.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well, good. I
Brian Riley: Think we're going to talk about this, but for and I haven't really put it all together like this, but now it all makes sense.
Brian Riley: Which is why you know I enjoy
Brian Riley: Speaking with you.
Brian Riley: So there's a couple other things I want to talk about
Brian Riley: Them is very heavy
Brian Riley: But this one is Surprise, surprise, I was talking to George earlier we talked a lot
Brian Riley: Okay. Um, he fucking told tells me
Brian Riley: The news.
Brian Riley: But Dr. Waters.
Uh huh.
Brian Riley: Which I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, she's not dying, but sometimes people decide that programs are good fits and other times it's like you know maybe she wants to be retired. I don't know.
Brian Riley: But you know, it's all good.
Helena Rouhe: Relieving on a good note.
Brian Riley: Okay, I'm not concerned about now shall we shouldn't
Brian Riley: Make sure that himself into my
Brian Riley: Physiology and my medications and the intense operation G is running here is
Brian Riley: Going to do
Helena Rouhe: She's going to do a great job with transitions, who's going to make sure everybody has plenty of medicine refills for all the things that they need. You're on. You know, the list of people who are doing well and it says doing well for a long time.
Helena Rouhe: So, you are welcome to be concerned and certainly I would expect for you to have kind of a transition
Helena Rouhe: Process, and I'm sure at some point, she's planning to talk to you about it, she's talking to everybody individually. She didn't make a big statement about it in group because we have new people who are coming in and she didn't want them to hear you. Hi. Come to group and now on leaving
Helena Rouhe: You know, because then that just means you know and so and I completely agree with that. So,
Helena Rouhe: You know she's rolling it out as she needs to roll it out and we're I'm wanting to make sure that whoever you know on our end fix
Helena Rouhe: That. So there's different groups. Right. So there's, there are people who've been in program for a long time, who have different needs than people who are brand new to program so
Helena Rouhe: I'm working with her and our medical director to make sure that whoever picks up the various aspects of her caseload are going to be able to do that easily enough and be feeling like a good fit for you and all that good stuff. So
Brian Riley: All right.
Brian Riley: So,
Brian Riley: We're just not that I needed yet. But let me get my organizer.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: Alright, so it actually works out.
Brian Riley: med wise. I'm going to go to group next week.
Brian Riley: Which
Helena Rouhe: Just so happened yet. She will be there. She's gonna run group. I'm going to be in a conference. So she's running group without me next week, but
Brian Riley: Be there.
Brian Riley: Because I would go tomorrow. But as far as planning.
Brian Riley: And, you know,
Brian Riley: And you have an admin.
Helena Rouhe: To get you through to next week, you're good there.
Brian Riley: Yeah, I'm assuming. Yeah. And I, yeah, I have a referral on the Suboxone and then the
Brian Riley: soapland isn't due until the following week anyway okay. I'm okay.
Brian Riley: All right, now this one is a doozy.
Brian Riley: And I have not discussed this with I haven't discussed this.
Brian Riley: At all.
Brian Riley: But it's
Brian Riley: Not a problem that is
Brian Riley: It's just a
Brian Riley: It comes up now and again and I realize it in the long term. It's affecting
Brian Riley: More than it is Esther.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: I didn't present it to you.
Brian Riley: Because it's
Brian Riley: Awful and it
Brian Riley: Wide open for judgment.
Brian Riley: But, and I
Brian Riley: You know, I'm sorry. It has come with a disclaimer, but it does. I think you know me.
Brian Riley: well enough to know what the truth that I that I know and asked her nose in my heart I give my heart of hearts.
Brian Riley: And during the in July.
Brian Riley: When I was on
Brian Riley: banjos and out of my mind. And we know that there's
Brian Riley: Gaps that I authentically
Brian Riley: Have no recollection of
Brian Riley: And there are conversations that have taken place and like text threads that I'm terrified to read
Brian Riley: And this goes back to some years ago when
Brian Riley: There's another personality.
Brian Riley: That
Brian Riley: presents itself.
Brian Riley: And it really has. I'm just continually baffled. And I'm, I'm wondering
Brian Riley: You know, ultimately what you're what you're educated
Brian Riley: Opinion is on
Brian Riley: blackouts, as well as
Brian Riley: That sort of insane behavior.
Brian Riley: Because
Brian Riley: And I hope you believe me right when I want to say that
Brian Riley: Let's go back, like all the way back to when
Brian Riley: You know, some years ago when I was in a relationship with Esther and I was going to be moving in and her daughter.
Brian Riley: Was growing up and now she was like 1617 and she beautiful girl right and
Brian Riley: At no time.
Brian Riley: Even as what I understand, even in my subconscious.
Brian Riley: Would I
Brian Riley: Entertain
Brian Riley: Any sort of sexual feelings at all.
Brian Riley: Um, and, and I realized, too, and thinking about a dead, not even in my fantasy life.
Brian Riley: Through my teens onward. Has there ever been any sort of
Brian Riley: incest fantasies, or it's usually involves strangers usually not even people that I know.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: When I it was a concern of mine prior to moving in, like, oh my god.
Brian Riley: I, you know, I've never had a daughter before and there's going to be the strange girl, and there were there were fears of like attraction. And what if, what if, and the relief when I was able to come here and
Brian Riley: There was nothing of that sort. So I love cat, as I do my son, Ian.
Brian Riley: Um,
Brian Riley: And never a
Brian Riley: Just hit so not me. Right.
Brian Riley: Apparently,
Brian Riley: I had
Brian Riley: spoken of.
Brian Riley: Cat.
Brian Riley: In a very sexual man to Esther.
Brian Riley: About cats sex life with her boyfriend.
Brian Riley: And even
Brian Riley: Me having sex with cap.
Helena Rouhe: Like as a fantasy or isn't something that actually happened.
Helena Rouhe: Like in the
Helena Rouhe: Conversation.
Brian Riley: It was kind of situation. Apparently we were in bed and now I have zero
Brian Riley: Idea and I cannot even fucking believe that I would ever say anything.
Brian Riley: And it was like
Brian Riley: I guess I had gone from
Brian Riley: wondering out loud. If cat had the same
Brian Riley: sexual desires and drive that Esther had and if you hand out with her boyfriend and Esther was never really clear on what were went to, but it was about
Brian Riley: Me somehow being sexually involved with cat before so I just pulled the plug on the whole thing and like left the conversation and and I guess I just gradually passed out.
Helena Rouhe: So did Esther ever notice anything
Helena Rouhe: Different in your demeanor or in the tone of your voice or in the way you interacted with her in these moments that you don't remember.
Helena Rouhe: Like when she was physically around you to see ever did. She has she ever made know to you about you physically kind of shifting a little bit or their tone changing or your
Brian Riley: She knows
Brian Riley: She is. She knows and that's
Brian Riley: What often I'm very thankful. She knows when
Helena Rouhe: This other thing is going on. And is there just one or is there two or three or
Brian Riley: I don't know that I don't know. I would think I'd say
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: And this this is to the level of like demonic possession
Brian Riley: Now this is where I've gone with it and I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so you're, you're in luck.
Brian Riley: I happen to have
Brian Riley: an affinity for people who
Helena Rouhe: Struggle with this. I don't have any formal training, but I have had the opportunity to work with people who have
Helena Rouhe: So I was so when you initially said and saying, I kind of rolled my eyes and I think you had a physical reactions. It's
Helena Rouhe: Not insane.
Helena Rouhe: It's a defense mechanism. So people split off when they don't know how to handle life.
Helena Rouhe: Often it's from severe trauma.
Helena Rouhe: So it doesn't have to be severe trauma, but often severe trauma can create a split
Helena Rouhe: And so then there is the main persona and then there's often a split and it's rare that it. Do you need to plug in power.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Take a minute.
Brian Riley: Okay, good.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so most of the time when a split occurs. Often there are multiple fractures that will occur. So oftentimes it ends up being that multiple personalities.
Helena Rouhe: Are created as a result of those various fractures, but it can be that only one or two are creative and that they only come out under
Helena Rouhe: duress or substance or, you know, certain circumstances that kind of trigger the shift.
Helena Rouhe: And that they often go with blackout. And so it can be and has been viewed in the past, especially without education that this was a demonic possession
Helena Rouhe: Or some sort of like alter ego that because the person who is the main persona does not remember has no sense of it. It does feel like your licensing kind of destiny, especially if you were to come to in a situation that you don't know how you got there.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, so, um, you know, I think that there's various great treatment for that it ultimately boils down to, organizing, the house.
Helena Rouhe: So when a person has multiple personalities, you have to identify who the primary is and then the primaries in charge of everybody else and everybody else needs to fall in line and instead of the house being chaotic with a bunch of
Helena Rouhe: Things running around. Everybody has their room and they're only invited into the main part of the house when the main personality wants that, and it is a joy, the experience. It's not a taking over so
Helena Rouhe: It is doable and it is manageable and it's just like any other credit recovery process. It's a lifelong endeavor.
Helena Rouhe: And they're going to be times when you know that it's not appropriate for you to go out because you're struggling to maintain now and then they're going to be other times where you've got it together and you know who's in charge, and it's going to be okay.
Helena Rouhe: Certain people, you know, can't have alcohol or can have drugs because that's when other personalities take
Over
Brian Riley: That's
Helena Rouhe: So, but maybe this come from, I mean, that can be considered a, it could be considered psychotic break
Helena Rouhe: I mean, it's something that I think you
Helena Rouhe: Would benefit from talking to
Helena Rouhe: I don't know if you want to go there with Dr. Waters and mean I psychiatry. Right. I mean, she's the one who's going to tell you
Helena Rouhe: And I've never had the opportunity to work with Dr. Waters when it comes to working with people who potentially have dissociative identity disorder which is the new term for it.
Helena Rouhe: And
Helena Rouhe: It's not, it's not unheard of. And it's much more kind of spoken about and acknowledged as not just someone who
Helena Rouhe: Doesn't want to take responsibility for bad behavior.
Brian Riley: But
Brian Riley: So now, now I
Brian Riley: I hope you believe me and saying that
Brian Riley: I would ever
Brian Riley: And then never even imagined such thing.
Brian Riley: Never
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: Now I'm gonna be talking
Brian Riley: About this stuff and like
Brian Riley: an alter ego.
Helena Rouhe: It's another personality.
Helena Rouhe: And it can be that it can be. It is a, it's a different kind of thing. I mean, if you, you know you love comics. If you saw split
Helena Rouhe: That's that's the person with multiple personality, you know, and it is that different. And sometimes the more fractured
Helena Rouhe: Than the personalities tend to know each other because there's a lot going on and things are very see through and transparent and it's everyone's kind of watching everyone else where it says if there's only one or two.
Helena Rouhe: Then it can be very rigid and it can be very scary because you don't have any sense of what's happening when you're being when you're not
Brian Riley: Willing to do
Helena Rouhe: So,
Brian Riley: It is
Helena Rouhe: Possible to create the construct to be able to keep everybody in line, but
Helena Rouhe: You know, I think it's worth it for you to have conversation with Dr. Waters and recognizing that she's on her way out. I don't know how that's gonna work.
Helena Rouhe: Out, you know,
Helena Rouhe: That feels like a good fit to do it, but we do have other people who potentially could meet with you instead of maybe you maybe you
Differently.
Brian Riley: We understand that it's, it seems to me as long as I don't use fucking Dennis those
Helena Rouhe: Another reason to stay sober.
Brian Riley: Exactly.
Helena Rouhe: And Don't. And Don't use yeah I mean there's, there's a lot of truth to that.
Helena Rouhe: But even across even across clinicians. Some people are more open to this idea than others. I've seen people
Helena Rouhe: Who have switched right in front of me.
Helena Rouhe: That I was working with for a while and you know, things got out of control, very quickly and it felt very scary in the room and I think it was working with a clinician who was accessible nearby who knew what to do to help organize it. So I thought first camp. I saw what can happen so
Helena Rouhe: I know that it exists. I know that other people like to bring it up as a kind of excuse for bad behavior and they know that they're doing it and they're just kind of making up this BS.
Brian Riley: I don't
Helena Rouhe: Think it's your. I don't think it's your situation. I think based on what I know about you what you're saying to me doesn't surprise me.
Helena Rouhe: Because the blackout thing and you not knowing what has happened has always been a concern for me, you know, either you weren't being truthful, which it didn't feel like that, maybe, in the beginning, there was a lot of defensiveness the worrying and all of that. So,
Brian Riley: Now it was time
Helena Rouhe: It's going to come clear, but over time. There never was clarity on these things. So, what was that all about, you know, where you just that.
Helena Rouhe: blacked out or what was going on during that time period. And it's this is why I say it's a defense mechanism. And so it can come up for all sorts of reasons, but
Helena Rouhe: Typically, the way to manage it is to make sure that the primary which is you Brian is in charge, and that this other
Helena Rouhe: Entity is identified for what it is and it doesn't mean, although some people really believe that. And it's okay if you were to want to kind of, you know, look into what it meant to get an exorcism or
Brian Riley: Something
Helena Rouhe: Look into it.
Brian Riley: That it's
Grown
Helena Rouhe: I wouldn't, I wouldn't necessarily add
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Because
Brian Riley: That's where I was at. I mean,
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Yeah. And I don't think that that's necessarily unheard of either, but I'm much more open about things like this, and a lot of other people and so
Helena Rouhe: I'm not going to tell you what you can and can't do you need to explore those things for yourself. But I think that what you're describing does sound like an ultra personality and it comes off. It's not unusual for people to have
Helena Rouhe: It's even a diagnosable event psychotic features are psychotic event to to use. And so for you. This is that manifestation
Helena Rouhe: And it just allows you to have real clarity about what you can and can't allow in your life because you're not gonna
Helena Rouhe: allow that to happen. Now, it doesn't mean that that's a hard and fast rule and that you're good to go. As long as that doesn't happen. But it does mean that that's a clear will right so you know
Helena Rouhe: When
Helena Rouhe: It's like any other kind of energy. If you give something energy, it gets power.
Helena Rouhe: So if you if that entity has had enough energy and then it has the power to potentially break through. Other times, if you start to feel or Esther starts to feel like things are being more in that direction. And maybe this is your point about
Helena Rouhe: You know the slippery slope of if you're making exceptions and you're starting to
Helena Rouhe: Rationalize maybe that's also you giving it a little bit so that I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: But those are things to pay attention to. And, you know, just like your dress and maybe all of this kind of goes together right that you want to present Brian
Helena Rouhe: And what that means to you now. And that means that you are a person who is creative and loving and cares about what you're doing and you want to make sure that people around you are congruent with who you are not all this other stuff just because it's wild and crazy
Helena Rouhe: Maybe it allows for that alternative to be a little too close to home, and maybe by separating
Helena Rouhe: Things out being a little more congruent. That kind of makes it clear, who's in charge.
Brian Riley: And
Brian Riley: And I think it's important, perhaps, to say
Brian Riley: That
Brian Riley: The way we were able, not the way we worked it out. But the way that we were authentically honestly able to move past that and
Brian Riley: Be because like I said my heart of hearts and Esther.
Brian Riley: In her heart.
Brian Riley: Knew there was no value to it that when the three of us are in a room or when I am with cat.
Brian Riley: It doesn't think that does not did help. No, wait.
Brian Riley: Do you know what I mean.
Brian Riley: She and she made it clear to me that she would never continual relations relationship with a man who has spoken of such things, and if there was even a fucking sliver of possibility I would be gone and I fully agree right
Brian Riley: Because there's just nothing, and I don't even understand that and that's a fact about like
Brian Riley: What, what, what, like a fucking it's so insane. It's so
Brian Riley: Like if legit feels like I was fucking set up.
Brian Riley: By me and it's like a bit and it's it's it's it's it's it's like
Brian Riley: So maybe talk to that two winners and she was just like
Brian Riley: Yeah, when I would talk to her.
Helena Rouhe: We do have another psychiatry as to who you can see if she feels like it's something that needs to be continued.
Helena Rouhe: And we have a psych we have a psychiatrist and we have a psychiatric nurse. So we do have a couple of other options. So she feels like that's a, that's a big thing to manage and maybe now is not the time given that she's transitioning out of the
Helena Rouhe: Cases, just know that you have some options and then she says, actually, I don't want to get into that with you.
Brian Riley: It doesn't mean that she's
Helena Rouhe: Abandoning you
Brian Riley: It means that she
Helena Rouhe: Wants to respect the fact. Well, I just want to say it out loud.
Helena Rouhe: When we're in transition as the clinician and something like this comes up. It's like on a small level, the same example as we're ending session and you say, oh, by the way, I'm having suicidal thoughts, but I'll be
Brian Riley: Fine. See you next week.
Helena Rouhe: And, you know, close the session as well. What, what do you mean, see you next week. Are you okay, like we have a safety plan. So it's a big deal, what you're talking about. And she may
Helena Rouhe: Identify that she wants you to do the work of that but that she's not going to be able to do that with you. So instead of getting into it. Let's make sure you have somebody who can see it through. So if she gives you feedback next week, or when you interact with her. Hey,
Helena Rouhe: I don't think that it's going to be a good idea for to work on this. I would like you to hear for me first. It's not a rejection of you.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. And so if at some point you feel a little cuz that would be completely rational and understandable to feel that way.
Brian Riley: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: She's doing it because she wants to make sure that you're well cared for and that you have somebody who can see that through whatever that looks like. And that if she's not going to be able to do that. She doesn't want to just shut that down.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Brian Riley: Okay.
Brian Riley: All right, so how would I now.
Brian Riley: Make because then I would do this anyway, make it make a one on one appointment with her prior to
Brian Riley: I mean basically just enroll into virtual clinic and
Helena Rouhe: Just say
Brian Riley: Like to be able to meet with Darko
Helena Rouhe: Waters and you can do that even tonight.
Helena Rouhe: After session and just requested.
Brian Riley: Me already our
Helena Rouhe: List to follow up with you anyway.
And then you guys can
Brian Riley: Can go that route. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Maybe I should be something
Other than group.
Brian Riley: Yo, yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Sure that you have enough
Brian Riley: Time to talk about it or
Helena Rouhe: Whatever. Yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Okay, good. Yeah, good.
Brian Riley: Yes.
Brian Riley: Good, good, good. Your reaction was
Helena Rouhe: Not screaming and pulling out my fancy here.
Brian Riley: I knew, I knew it would. But you know, it's good. That's a tough one to like
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Brian Riley: You know, I could talk to you about that and
Brian Riley: It did the more of a question that remained the moral is interfering with my like my like who am I, what is this
Helena Rouhe: What is there's a lot. There's a lot more stuff out there. And I think what you're talking about is not truly dissociative disorders so much. It's something that happens as a result of us. And this is how it manifests itself. So it's a little bit different but
Helena Rouhe: Again, it's out of my scope of
Brian Riley: Practice.
Helena Rouhe: So this is more out of having observed some things and have some opportunities to work with people that we can have
Helena Rouhe: A casual conversation, if you will. But I do think that it would be appropriate for you to follow up with either dark waters and one of our other site professional so that you can have that discussion and feel like you've at least seen it through in that level.
Brian Riley: Okay, okay.
Brian Riley: All right, so you want to schedule something with us there.
Helena Rouhe: Yep, I'm pulling up my calendar now.
Helena Rouhe: So next week, you're going to go to group and then and I'm, I'm only gone for like the end of that week that I'm not there. So then the following week, I'm back in town. So you tell me when would you like to kind of do this again.
Brian Riley: I will only right with something known as part of an incident.
Brian Riley: Like complicated touches my favorite
Helena Rouhe: Dish
Brian Riley: Yeah, the best. I was at a, you know, I had
Brian Riley: Somebody need to follow the pattern, you know, and
Helena Rouhe: I'm sure they were
Brian Riley: Happening. Yeah. How do you make it in
Helena Rouhe: Actually, how do you make it and
Brian Riley: That's a good way to talk to them to talk about them.
Yeah.
Brian Riley: Alright, so what do you think
Brian Riley: Tuesday. The third
Helena Rouhe: March 3
Brian Riley: Two weeks. So that's two weeks. That's Do ya know. So how about the 10th, the 10th.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. And do you want to do 530 or five
Brian Riley: Yeah 530 yes I did. Okay. Yeah.
Brian Riley: Alright.
Brian Riley: Well, thank you, you
Helena Rouhe: Are very welcome.
My pleasure.
Helena Rouhe: You're doing great. You've come a long way.
Brian Riley: Yeah, I feel that. Thank you.
Good.
Brian Riley: Cool. All right. Well, have a really good night and a good trip and
Brian Riley: And I will be in touch. Prior to senior going on.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. Sounds good.
Brian Riley: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I hate you too.
Brian Riley: Bye bye.